<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html 
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/style.css"/>
    <title>Supported publication formats</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/page.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/blitz.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/edrlabpublications.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>Supported publication formats</h2>    
    <dl>
      <dt>EPUB 2</dt>
      <dd> this is a legacy format, only adequate for basic ebooks.
 Textual content is formatted in XHTML 1 and no multimedia feature is
 supported. EPUB 2 ebooks are still accessible if properly formatted.
</dd>
      <dt>EPUB 3</dt>
      <dd> this is the recommended format for the 21st century.
 Textual content is formatted in (X)HTML 5, it is possible to create
 fixed-layout ebooks, enriched ebooks and accessibiltiy features are well
 designed.
</dd>
      <dt>DAISY v2.02 / v3</dt>
      <dd>  (text, audio, text+audio).
</dd>
      <dt>PDF</dt>
      <dd> despite a well-known lack of flexibility (no reflow option)
 and accessibility, many ebooks are still available in PDF only, especially
 in public libraries.
</dd>
      <dt>Audiobooks</dt>
      <dd> a 
        <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/audiobooks/">standardized format for audiobooks</a >
 has been designed by the W3C Publishing Working Group in 2020, and EDRLab
 was part of this WG. Thorium is supporting the
 
        <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/lpf/">packaged (LPF)</a> audiobook format,
 which will soon be widely used by booksellers, or so we hope.

      </dd>
      <dt>Visual narratives</dt>
      <dd> EDRLab has designed a standard format for
 comics, manga, webtoons and other styles of digital works based on
 sequances of images.
 
        <a href="https://www.edrlab.org/open-standards/">Divina</a> is the name of
 this format. This is still an experimental format, and we hope that
 publishers will size it in 2021+.

      </dd>
    </dl>
  </body>
</html>
