<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html 
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/style.css"/>
    <title>Text to Speech (TTS)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/page.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="danger">
      <p>Thorium 2.3 TTS reads page numbers by default which might result in a too verbose earing experience. The 
        <code>skipability</code> option in 
        <code>readaloud</code> parameter does not affect TTS reading as expected. This is fixed in 
        <a href="https://github.com/edrlab/thorium-reader/releases">2.4 alpha continuous test build</a> and will be shipped in 2.4 release.
      </p>
    </div>
    <p>Text-to-speech is launched using the speaker button in the middle of the toolbar,
or by using the keyboard shortcut 
      <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + 
      <kbd>2</kbd>.
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>Play and pause can be controlled with the keyboard shortcut

          <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + 
          <kbd>2</kbd>.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>The playback position can be moved with 
          <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + 
          <kbd>1</kbd>
and 
          <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + 
          <kbd>3</kbd> for previous and next respectively.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>A speed control is available when read aloud
is selected, with a range from x0.5 to x2.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>The current sentence is highlighted in light yellow, and each word spoken is
underlined in orange.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>An alternative (simplified) view of the publication is provided through
options available in the 
          <code>Settings / Readaloud</code> menu.
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <div class="info">
Thorium uses the voices from the computer's operating system, in combination with the language information provided by the book. If you experience problems please check the related FAQ entry [I can't select the adequate voice for read aloud function (TTS)](../400_ressources/430_faq/index.xhtml#TTSvoices).
</div>
  </body>
</html>
