<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html 
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/style.css"/>
    <title>Start reading</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../resources/css/page.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Thorium is a digital book reader, it is also a library
where you can store your books and access to online catalogs.
Thorium does not require any account or online access to be launched and used.</p>
    <div class="warning">
Step by step for Windows.

      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="https://www.edrlab.org/software/thorium-reader/github/win10">Install Thorium</a>. The link will open a download dialog box, save the .exe file and launch it from you file manager. follow the install process.
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2701.epub.noimages?">Download a digital book</a>. The link will open a download dialog bo or automatically download the .epub book. You can choose to open it with Thorium or save it in your file manager and choose Open with Thorium from the contextual menu.
        </li>
        <li>Start reading.</li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <p>Select the book you want to read, use the 
      <code>contextual menu</code>
(right click), select 
      <code>open with</code> and then select 
      <code>Thorium</code>.
    </p>
    <div class="info">
      <p>Information.</p>
      <p>You can set the default application for certain file types
through the Windows settings.</p>
      <p>Select a file, open the context menu, select 
        <code>Open with</code>,
in the pop-up window select 
        <code>Thorium</code>, check the box

        <code>Always open with</code>.
      </p>
      <p>This operation must be repeated for each
        <br />
file format you wish to read with Thorium.
      </p>
    </div>
    <p>Thorium can also be launched from the application menu
or from any shortcut created.
This will open the 
      <a href="../221_libraries/index.xhtml">library</a>
and will allow you to choose a book or to add one but also to access
to 
      <a href="../222_catalogs/index.xhtml">catalogs</a> and organize your collection.
To read a book just click on it or validate with 
      <kbd>Enter</kbd>
when selected.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
